# Heating

Draft for webpage

02.09.2021, Veit Ulrich

\_

Welcome!

With 1.3 t of CO2 generated per person each year in Germany, heating is among the largest CO2 emitters. Since most of the buildings in Germany are still heated with the fossil fuels oil and gas, there is a high potential to reduce emissions generated by heating! Let's see how the situation is at your institute.

\_

**_What we ask you to do:_**

We ask your institute to answer the following questions about your heating consumption and energy source during the previous year. This only needs to be done once for the entire institute.

_Thank you for your participation!_

\_\_\_

\_

1\. What was the primary heating source of your institute in the previous year?

* [ ] Coal
* [ ] Oil
* [ ] Gas
* [ ] Liquid gas
* [ ] Electricity
* [ ] Heat pump (air)
* [ ] Heat pump (water)
* [ ] Heat pump (ground)
* [ ] District Heating
* [ ] Pellets
* [ ] Wood chips
* [ ] Solar energy

\_

2\. What is the annual energy consumption for heating at your institute? Please specify how much energy your institute consumed during the previous year. You can select your preferred unit from the dropdown list.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_`dropdown list to select unit, e.g. kWh, l, kg, m^3 (units should only work for energy sources where they are applicable)`

* all heating sources can be put in in kWh
* oil can also be put in in l
* liquid gas, coal, pellets, and wood chips can also be put in in kg
* gas can also be put in in m^3

\_

3\. Often heating energy consumption data is only available on the building level. If your heating energy consumption data is for the whole building, but your research group only uses part of the building, please give the share of the building that your research group uses. (Example: if your research group uses 500 m² of a 1000 m² building, type "0.5".) If this question does not apply to you, you can skip it.


Share of the building area used: \_\_\_\_\_
